# Online judge project client side
#### Date: Nov 18 - Nov 21

# Online judge project server side
#### Under Development
---
## Online Demo:
APP: 34.215.110.129

## Library & Tech & Language used:
 - AngularJS
 - ng CLI
 - typescript
 - webpack
 - node package manager
 - nodeJS
 - es6
 - typescript
 - express & bodyParser

## Project description
 - Build small app that allow user to submit code and give a feedback rank/score that based on code quality (eg: rating base on time complexity & space complexity). similar to [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/).

 - problem set :

  a list of problem that post by user and stored in the database so that other users can access it.

  process:

  adding problem => submit => go back.

  Routing:

  after adding problem, routing automatically assign the id num for URL endpoint, allow user to access specific problem using deep linking.

  Nav bar (under development):

  will add three features:

    1. editor:

      online code editor that have syntax highlighting functionality to allow user write any programming language.

    2. collection

      collection that allow user to store their favorite problem to their own list. Plan to store this data with log-in Info(for now).

    3. search
      search that allows user to search problem base on problem name.



## Highlight:
- Dynamic:
  - using Front-end Routing to dynamically distribute page base on URL endpoint (access different service by using different URL).
  - fetch data from data service that load model(MV*).
  - view generated by four component.

- API
    - data retrieved from model.

- Under Development / TODO:
    - using express to build api so that data retrieving process can be done under HTTP Request, in order to achieve RESTful design patterns.
    - save data to MongoDB.
    - set up OAuth2.

---

## Production Build
```
oj-client
│
└──── dist (production build using webpack)
```


## Development environment

##### Prerequisite:
Run `npm install` to set-up the environment.

##### File Structure:
```
oj-client
│
├── e2e (end to end test)
├── package.json
├── .angular-cli.json (config file)
├── disc (production build)
│   .
│   .
│   .
│   
├── src
│   ├── app
│         ├── app.component.html (html entry point)
│         └── app.component.ts (javascript entry point)
│   ├── components (component folder)
│   └── model (data)
│   .
│   .
│   .
│    
├── node_modules
│   .
│   .
│   .
│    
└README.md (Detailed info about the project)
```
